This will , if not already , caused problems as there is very limited spaces for us .	11
Dubai will be a good example for this as previously the country got almost no natural water and they uses irrigation to bring natural water to the country .	19
Another example is Netherlands , whose most of his lands is a swamp under sea level , has used a good irrigation system to counter their problem and to make their land habitable .	17
Therefore , the equipments of biometric identification tends to be in-expensive .	7
This endeavor to produce more nuclear power has stimulated the development of safer designs of nuclear reactors .	7
As the subject has been discussed for quite some time , relevant information is readily available on the internet and articles in magazines and newspapers .	13
In addition , burning of fuels emits various harmful gases pollute our fragile environment .	6
These green house gases are the main cause to worldwide global warming which gives rise to further catastrophes such as the rise in global temperature etc .	13
In addition , we realized that burning of fuels produces the large amount of greenhouse gases .	9
Statistics show that the numbers is only continuing to grow with the existing population explosion .	5
Engineering design is defined as a process that brings ideas or theories into physical representations which satisfy human needs .	16
However , in some cities of China , the government wants to minimize the time spending on problem solving process to show their ability in handling problems and forces the engineers to skip the first step or just accept the information the government provides .	28
When electronic devices are not grounded properly , there is a probability that the user might get an electric shock when he/she accidentally comes into contact with the device .	23
Thus , it is fair to say that either conventional technology or serendipitous technology are stimulated by the realization of problems and needs .	14
The provision of funds and resources is critical towards the productivity of researches and innovations .	6
