This will , if not already , caused problems as there are very limited spaces for us .	11
Dubai will be a good example for this as previously the country got almost no natural water and they use irrigation to bring natural water to the country .	19
Another example is Netherlands , whose most of his lands is a swamp under sea level , have used a good irrigation system to counter their problem and to make their land habitable .	17
Therefore , the equipments of biometric identification tend to be in-expensive .	7
This endeavor to produce more nuclear power have stimulated the development of safer designs of nuclear reactors .	7
As the subject has been discussed for quite some time , relevant information are readily available on the internet and articles in magazines and newspapers .	13
In addition , burning of fuels emit various harmful gases pollute our fragile environment .	6
These green house gases are the main cause to worldwide global warming which give rise to further catastrophes such as the rise in global temperature etc .	13
In addition , we realized that burning of fuels produce the large amount of greenhouse gases .	9
Statistics show that the numbers are only continuing to grow with the existing population explosion .	5
Engineering design is defined as a process that brings ideas or theories into physical representations which satisfies human needs .	16
However , in some cities of China , the government wants to minimize the time spending on problem solving process to show their ability in handling problems and force the engineers to skip the first step or just accept the information the government provides .	28
When electronic devices are not grounded properly , there is a probability that the user might get an electric shock when he/she accidentally come into contact with the device .	23
Thus , it is fair to say that either conventional technology or serendipitous technology is stimulated by the realization of problems and needs .	14
The provision of funds and resources are critical towards the productivity of researches and innovations .	6