He said the foodservice pie business doesn 't fit the company 's long-term growth strategy .
He said foodservice pie business doesn 't fit the company 's long-term growth strategy .

Magnarelli said Racicot hated the Iraqi regime and looked forward to using his long years of training in the war .  His wife said he was " 100 percent behind George Bush " and looked forward to using his years of training in the war .
Magnarelli say Racicot hated in the Iraqi regime and looking forward to using his foresightful years of training in the war . His wife said he was " 100 percent behind George Bush " forward looked to using his years ofs training in the war .

The dollar was at 116.92 yen against the yen , flat on the session , and at 1.2891 against the Swiss franc , also flat .
The dollar aren't at the 116.92 yen the yen , flat on the session , and at 1.2891 against Swiss franc , also flat .

The AFL-CIO is waiting until October to decide if it will endorse a candidate .
The AFL-CIO is hold_off until October to decided if it will endorsed a candidate .

No dates have been set for the civil or the criminal trial .
No dates have been sets for the civil or the criminal trial .

Wal-Mart said it would check all of its million-plus domestic workers to ensure they were legally employed .
The wal-Mart said it would check all of its million-plus domestic workers to ascertain they were legally employed .

While dioxin levels in the environment were up last year , they have dropped by 75 percent since the 1970s , said Caswell .
While dioxin level in the environment were up an last year , they have deteriorate by 75 percent since the 1970s , said Caswell .

This integrates with Rational PurifyPlus and allows developers to work in supported versions of Java , Visual C # and Visual Basic .NET.
This integrates with Rational PurifyPlus and allows developers by work at supported versions for Java , Visual C # and Visual Basic .NET.

The top rate will go to 4.45 percent for all residents with taxable incomes above $ 500,000 .
The spinning_top rates will go to 4.45 percent for all residents with the taxable incomes above $ 500,000 .

The results appear in the January issue of Cancer , an American Cancer Society journal , being published online today .
The results come_out in the January issue and the cancer , an American Cancer Society journals , being published online today .

The delegates said raising and distributing funds has been complicated by the U.S. crackdown on jihadi charitable foundations , bank accounts of terror-related organizations and money transfers .
The delegates said raise and distributes the funds has been complicated by the U.S. crackdown on jihadi kindly foundations , bank accounts of terror-related organizations and the money transfers .

" Sanitation is poor ... there could be typhoid and cholera , " he said .
" Sanitation am poor ... there could be typhoid and cholera , " he said .

The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX gave up 11.91 points , or 1.19 percent , at 986.60 .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX giving 11.91 points , or 1.19 percent , under 986.60 .

The only announced Republican to replace Davis is Rep. Darrell Issa of Vista , who has spent $ 1.71 million of his own money to force a recall .
The only announce Republican to replace with davis is Rep. Darrell Issa of Vista , who have spent the $ 1.71 million for his own money to force a recall .

The decision to issue new guidance has been prompted by intelligence passed to Britain by the FBI in a secret briefing in late July .
The decision to issue newly guidances have been prompted by intelligence passing to Britain by the FBI in a secret briefing in late July .

Unable to find a home for him , a judge told mental health authorities they needed to find supervised housing and treatment for DeVries somewhere in California .
Unable to find a home for him , a judge state the mental health authorities they needed find supervised housing and treatment for a deVries somewhere in the california .

The decision came a year after Whipple ended federal oversight of the district 's racial balance , facilities , budget , and busing .
The decision fare a year after Whipple ended in federal oversight of the district 's racial balance , facilities , a budget , and busing .

In midafternoon trading , the Nasdaq composite index was up 8.34 , or 0.5 percent , to 1,790.47 .
In midafternoon trading , the Nasdaq composite_plant index was up 8.34 , or 0.5 percent , to the 1,790.47 .

Morgan Stanley raised its rating on the beverage maker to " overweight " from " equal-weight " saying in part that pricing power with its bottlers should improve in 2004 .
Morgan Stanley raised its rating the beverage maker to " corpulence " from " equal-weight " saying on the part that pricing power with its bottlers should improve 2004 .

The pound also made progress against the dollar , reached fresh three-year highs at $ 1.6789 .
The pound also made progresses against the dollar , reaching the fresh three-year highs at $ 1.6789 .

Friday , Stanford ( 47-15 ) blanked the Gamecocks 8-0 .
Friday , Stanford ( 47-15 ) blanked the Gamecocks 8-0 .

Last month Intel raised its revenue guidance for the quarter to between $ 7.6 billion and $ 7.8 billion .
Last month Intel raising to its revenue guidance for the quarter to between $ 7.6 billion and $ 7.8 billion .

The driver , Eugene Rogers , helped to remove children from the bus , Wood said .
The driver , Eugene Rogers , aid to remove children to the bus , the wood said .

ONG KONG , July 9 Tens of thousands of demonstrators gathered tonight before the legislature building here to call for free elections and the resignation of Hong Kong 's leader .
ONG KONG , the july 9 Tens of thousands of demonstrator gathered tonight before the legislature building here to call for free elections the resignation of Hong Kong 's leaders .

Saddam loyalists have been blamed for sabotaging the nation 's infrastructure , as well as frequent attacks on U.S. soldiers .
Saddam loyalists have represent blamed for sabotaging with the nations 's infrastructures , as well as frequent attacks on U.S. soldiers .

Its closest living relatives are a family frogs called sooglossidae that are found only in the Seychelles in the Indian Ocean .
Its closest go relatives are family frogs called the sooglossidae that are found only of the Seychelles in the Indian Ocean .

Cooley said he expects Muhammad will similarly be called as a witness at a pretrial hearing for Malvo .
The cooley said he expects the muhammad will similarly be calling as a witness at a pretrial hearing for Malvo .

" Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats - international terrorists , " Graham said , " this Bush administration chose to settle old scores . "
" Instead of pursued the most imminent and real threats - international terrorists , " Graham said , " this Bush administrations chosen to finalise old scores . "

He said they lied on a sworn affidavit that requires them to list prior marriages .
He said they lied on a sworn affidavit that require them to lists on prior marriages .

The association said 28.2 million DVDs were rented in the week that ended June 15 , compared with 27.3 million VHS cassettes .
The associations sound_out 28.2 million DVDs were rented in the week that ended in june 15 , compare with 27.3 million VHS cassettes .

With these assets , Funny Cide has a solid chance to become the first Triple Crown winner since Affirmed in 1978 .
With these assets , Funny Cide had solid chance to become the initiative Triple Crown winners since Affirmed in 1978 .

Intel was disappointed and assessing its " options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel , " spokesman Chuck Mulloy said .
Intel equal foiled and assessing with its " options in the event Mr. Hamidi resume his spamming activity against Intel , " spokesman Chuck Mulloy said .

Mr Annan also warned the US should not use the war on terror as an excuse to suppress " long-cherished freedoms " .
Mr Annan also warned the US should not consumption the war on the terror as an excuse to suppress with " long-cherished freedom " .

At community colleges , tuition will jump to $ 2,800 from $ 2,500 .
At community colleges , tuitions will jump of a $ 2,800 from $ 2,500 .

He made a point of saying during Tuesdays debate that the Confederate flag was a racist symbol .
He made a point of saying during Tuesdays debate that the Confederate flags was a racist symbols .

Bush wanted " to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing , " White House press secretary Ari Fleischer said yesterday .
Bush wanted the " to saw an aircraft landing the Saame way that the pilots assure an aircraft landing , " the white House press secretary Ari Fleischer said yesterday .

On Monday the Palestinian Prime Minister , Mahmoud Abbas , will report to the Palestinian parliament on his Government 's achievements in its first 100 days in office .
To the monday the Palestinian Prime Minister , Mahmoud Abbas , will report to the Palestinian parliament on his Government 's achievements in its first 100 days in the office .

The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month -- slipping to 6.1 percent -- even as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000 .
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month -- skid to 6.1 percents -- even as companies flog payrolls by 93,000 .

Per-user pricing is $ 29 for Workplace Messaging , $ 89 for Team Collaboration and $ 35 for Collaborative Learning .
Per-user pricing been $ 29 for Workplace Messaging , the $ 89 for Team Collaboration and $ 35 for Collaborative Learning .

" Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats – international terrorism – this Bush administration chose to settle old scores , " Mr. Graham said .
" Instead of pursued the most imminent and real threats – international terrorism – this Bush administration chose to settles on old scores , " Mr. Graham said .

SARS has killed about 800 people and affected more than 8400 since being detected in China in November .
The sARS give_birth killed about 800 people and affected more than 8400 since being detected in China in November .

Authorities had no evidence to suggest the two incidents were connected .
Authorities had with no evidence to suggest the two incidents were plug_into .

" Jeremy 's a good guy , " Barber said , adding : " Jeremy is living the dream life of the New York athlete .
" Jeremy 's a good guy , " Barber says , supply : " Jeremy were living the dream lives of the New York athlete .

Ratliff 's daughters , Margaret and Martha Ratliff , were adopted by Peterson after their mother 's death .
Ratliff 's daughters , Margaret and Martha Ratliff , follow adopt by Peterson after their mother 's deaths .

After losing as much as 84.56 earlier , the Dow Jones industrial average closed up 22.81 , or 0.2 percent , at 9,340.45 .
After losing by as much as 84.56 earlier , Dow Jones industrial averages closed up 22.81 , or the 0.2 percent , at 9,340.45 .

Rumsfeld , who has been feuding for two years with Army leadership , passed over nine active-duty four-star generals .
The rumsfeld , who has been feud for two years with Army leaderships , passed over nine active-duty four-star generals .

Consumers who said jobs are difficult to find jumped from 29.4 to 32.6 , while those claiming work was plentiful slipped from 13 to 12.6 .
Consumers who says jobs are difficult to ascertain jumped from 29.4 32.6 , while those claiming work was plentiful slipped from the 13 to 12.6 .

He has no immediate plans for television advertising , believing it is unnecessary this early .
He has no immediate plan for television advertising , believing it are unnecessary this early .

" I think it happened very quickly , " Houston Police Department homicide investigator Phil Yochum said of the crime .
" I thinks it happened very quickly , " an houston Police Department homicide investigator Phil Yochum saying the crime .

United issued a statement saying it will " work professionally and cooperatively with all its unions . "
United issued on a statement saying it will " works professionally and cooperatively with all its union . "

" But they never climb out of the pot of beer again . "
" But they never climb out of pot of beers again . "

Chief financial officer Andy Bryant has said that hike had a greater affect volume than officials expected .
Chief financial officer Andy Bryant has said that a hike had a greater affect volume than the officials expected .

Robert Liscouski , the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for Infrastructure Protection , will oversee NCSD .
Robert Liscouski , the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for the infrastructure Protection , will oversee a nCSD .

HP 's shipments increased 48 percent year-over-year , compared to an increase of 31 percent for Dell .
HP 's shipments increase 48 percent year-over-year , equate to an increase of 31 percents for Dell .

Chirac , who can pardon a law-breaker , refused Humbert 's request last year but kept in close touch with the family .
Chirac , who can pardons a law-breaker , turn_down Humbert 's requests in_conclusion year but kept in close touch with the family .

The charges allege that he was part of the conspiracy to kill and kidnap persons in a foreign country .
The charges allege that he Evergreen_State part of the conspiracy to kill and kidnap persons in the foreign country .

In the 2002 study , the margin of error ranged from 1.8 to 4.4 percentage points .
For the 2002 study , the margin in error ranged from 1.8 to 4.4 percentage points .

Mr. Clinton 's national security adviser , Sandy Berger , said that the White House wasn 't informed of the FBI activities .
Mr. Clinton 's national securities adviser , Sandy Berger , said that the White House wasn in 't informed of the FBI activities .

" This decision is clearly incorrect , " FTC Chairman Timothy Muris said in a written statement .
" This decision is clearly incorrect , " FTC Chairman Timothy Muris articulate in a written statement .

Prosecutors allege that Nichols and co-conspirator Timothy McVeigh worked together to prepare a bomb that destroyed the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building .
A prosecutors allege that Nichols and the co-conspirator Timothy McVeigh worked together prepares a bomb that destroyed the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building .

Terri Schiavo , 39 , is expected to die sometime in the next two weeks in the Tampa-area hospice where she has spent the past several years .
The terri Schiavo , 39 , be expected to dies sometime in the next two weeks in the Tampa-area hospice where she has worn_out the past several year .

Secretary of State Colin Powell designated the Chechen leader believed responsible for last year 's hostage standoff in a Moscow theater as a threat to U.S. security Friday .
Secretary of State Colin Powell designating the Chechen leader trust responsible for last year 's hostage standoff in a Moscow theater as a threat to U.S. security Friday .

" Today , we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin and US President George W Bush . "
" Today , we are trying to convey in this problem to the russian President Vladimir Putin the uS President George W Bush . "

That would be a potential setback to Chief Executive Phil Condit 's strategy of bolstering defense-related sales during a slump in jetliner deliveries .
That would be a potential setback to the chief Executive Phil Condit 's strategy of bolstering in defense-related sales during a slump in jetliners deliveries .

PeopleSoft also said its board had officially rejected Oracle 's offer .
PeopleSoft also state its board had officially rejected in oracle 's offer .

The Dow Jones industrial average ended the day down 10.89 at 9,837.94 , after advancing 111.04 Wednesday .
The Dow Jones industrial average ends the day down 10.89 at 9,837.94 , after advancing 111.04 the wednesday .

Cortisol levels in the saliva of day care children were highest and rose most steeply in those judged by day care center personnel to be the shyest .
The cortisol levels to the saliva of days care children make_up highest and rose most steeply in those judged by day care center personnel to be the shyest .

" The idea that Tony Abbott is in some way a one-dimensional political head-kicker couldn 't be more wrong , " Mr Howard said .
" The idea that Tony Abbott being some way a one-dimensional political head-kicker couldn 't make_up more wrong , " Mr Howard said .

" Biotech products , if anything , may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing , " Fraley said , adding that 18 countries have adopted biotechnology .
" the biotech products , if anything , may be safer than conventional products as in all the testing , " Fraley said , adding that 18 countries have adopted the biotechnology .

The rate of skin cancer has tripled since the 1950s in Norway and Sweden , according to the study .
The rate to the skin cancer has tripled since the 1950s in the norway and Sweden , according to the study .

We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light , through the prism of our experience on 11 September , " Rumsfeld said .
We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light , through prisms of our experience on the 11 September , the " Rumsfeld aforesaid .

Trans fat makes up only 1 percent to 3 percent of the total fat Americans consume , compared with 14 percent for saturated fat .
Trans fat makes up only 1 percent of 3 percent of the total fat Americans go_through , compared with 14 percent for the saturated fat .

However , a recent slide in prices and OPEC 's expectations of a surge in oil inventories have compounded its fears about a further softening of the market .
However , a recent slide in prices and OPEC 's expectations of a surge in oils inventories have compounds its fears about a further softening market .

Peterson , 31 , is now charged with murder in the deaths of his 27-year-old wife and their unborn son .
The peterson , 31 , aren't now charge with murder in the deaths of his 27-year-old wife and their unborn son .

Carlson on Tuesday said he would not recuse himself from the case .
Carlson on the tuesday said he would not recuse to himself from the case .

The program will grow to include ports in Dubai , Turkey and Malaysia , among others .
The program will grow to include ports of the dubai , Turkey and Malaysia , among others .

McCabe said he was considered a witness , not a suspect .
McCabe said he follow considered a witness , not a suspect .

The woman was exposed to the SARS virus while in the hospital but was not a health care worker , said Dr. Colin D ’ Cunha , Ontario ’ s commissioner of public health .
The woman be exposed in the SARS virus while in hospital but was not with a health care worker , said Dr. Colin D ’ Cunha , Ontario ’ s commissioner the public health .

He added that those " are not solely American principles , nor are they exclusively Western . "
The he added that those " are not the solely American principles , nor are to they exclusively Western . "

" If we don 't march into Tehran , I think we will be in pretty good shape , " he said .
" we don the 't march into Tehran , I think we will be in pretty in_force shape , " he said .

On Saturday , a 149mph serve against Agassi equalled Rusedski 's world record .
On the saturday , a 149mph serves against Agassi equalled Rusedski 's world records .

Chad Kolton , emergency management spokesman with the Department of Homeland Security , said the government is open to new technologies and methods to communicate more quickly and efficiently .
Chad Kolton , emergency management spokesman with the Department of Homeland Security , said the government was heart-to-heart to unexampled technology and methods to communicates more quickly and efficiently .

" APEC leaders are painfully aware that security and prosperity are inseparable , " Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra told business leaders .
" APEC leader constitute painfully aware that security and prosperity is inseparable , " Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra told business leaders .

Danbury prosecutor Warren Murray could not be reached for comment Monday .
Danbury prosecutor Warren Murray could not were pass for comment Monday .

Wittig resigned last year after being indicted on federal bank fraud charges involving a real estate loan unrelated to Westar business .
Wittig resigned the last year after being indicted on federal bank fraud charges involving a real estate loans unrelated to Westar business .

Shattered Glass , " starring Hayden Christensen as Stephen Glass , debuted well with $ 80,000 in eight theaters .
Shattered Glass , " starring Hayden Christensen as Stephen Glass , debut well with $ 80,000 in eight theaters .

He was arrested Friday night at an Alpharetta seafood restaurant while dining with his wife , singer Whitney Houston .
He follow arrested about friday night at an Alpharetta seafood restaurant while boom with his wife , singer Whitney Houston .

However , EPA officials would not confirm the 20 percent figure .
However , EPA officials would not confirmed the 20 percent figure .

University of Michigan President Mary Sue Coleman said in a statement on the university 's Web site , " Our fundamental values haven 't changed .
The university of Michigan President Mary Sue Coleman said in a statement on the university 's Web site , " Our underlying value haven 't changed .

The first products are likely to be dongles costing between US $ 100 and US $ 150 that will establish connections between consumer electronics devices and PCs .
The foremost products are likely to be the dongles costing between US $ 100 and USA $ 150 that will establishes connections between the consumer electronics devices and PCs .

However , Lapidus expects foreign brands ' sales to be up 4 percent , driven by strong truck sales at Honda Motor Co .
However , the lapidus expecting foreign brands ' sales to be up 4 percent , driven by strong truck sales in Honda Motor Co .

Michel , who remains in the government , denied that US pressure had provoked the government 's move .
Michel , who remains in the government , denied that the uS pressure hasn't provokes the government 's move .

Some of the computers also are used to send spam e-mail messages to drum up traffic to the sites .
Some of the computers also are using to sends the spam e-mail messages to drum up traffic to the sites .

Indonesia 's army has often been accused of human rights abuses during GAM 's battle for independence , charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing rights violations .
Indonesia 's army has often been accused of human rights abuses during a gAM 's battle for the independence , charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists to committing for rights violations .

Bush also hoped to polish his anti-AIDS credentials in Uganda , which has been hailed as an African pioneer in fighting the killer disease .
The bush also hoped to polish his anti-AIDS credentials in the uganda , which has been hailed as an African pioneer of fighting the killer disease .

Later this year , the command will send trainers with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions .
Later this year , the command will send trainers with soldiers from the four N African nations on the patrolling intelligence gathering missions .

The reports helped overcome investor jitters after the euro briefly hit an all-time high against the dollar Tuesday .
The reports helped overpower investor jitters after the euros briefly hit an all-time high against the dollar Tuesday .

Sales for the quarter beat expectations , rising 37 percent year-on-year to 1.76 billion euros .
Sales for the quarter beating expectations , originate 37 percent year-on-year to 1.76 billion euros .

If the MTA 's appeal to a higher court is successful , the $ 2 bus and subway base fare won 't be rolled back .
If the MTA 's appeal to a higher court be successful , the $ 2 bus and subway base fare won the 't is rolled back .

Robert Walsh , 40 , remained in critical but stable condition Friday at Staten Island University Hospital 's north campus .
Robert Walsh , 40 , stay in critical but stable condition of friday at Staten Island University Hospital 's north campus .

The Guru microcontroller serves four functions : hardware monitoring , overclocking management , BIOS ( Basic Input Output System ) update and a troubleshooting-assistance feature called Black Box .
The Guru microcontroller wait_on the four functions : hardware monitoring , overclocking management , BIOS ( Basic Input Output System ) update and a troubleshooting-assistance feature called Black Box .

U.S. corporate bond yield spreads tightened in spotty trading on Friday as Wall Street labored to get back on its feet after the largest power outage ever in North America .
U.S. corporate bond yield spreads tightening in spotty trading the friday as Wall Street labored by get back on its feet after largest power outage ever in North America .

The company said it would issue revised guidance for the full fiscal year next month when it releases its Q2 results .
The company said it would issues the revised guidance for the full fiscal year next month when it releasing its Q2 results .

" I stand 100 percent by it , and I think our intelligence services gave us the correct information at the time . "
" I fend 100 percent by it , and I think our intelligences services gave in us the correct information at the time . the "

" I don 't know if the person I 'm talking to now may end up being someone else at another time that may not follow the rules , " Parrish said .
" I don 't know if the person I 'm talks to now may end up being of someone else at another time that may not follows of the rules , " the parrish said .

" I think it 's going to be a close vote , but I think the grant proposal is going to win , " McConnell said .
" I think it 's going to be on a close vote , but I think the grants proposal aren't going to win , " the mcConnell said .

Twenty-eight people were believed to have been spending Christmas Day with the caretaker of the St Sophia 's camp , when the mudslide smashed into two cabins .
The twenty-eight people were believed to has been spending the christmas Day with the caretaker of the St Sophia 's camp , when mudslide fuddled into two cabins .

One , Capt. Doug McDonald , remained hospitalized in critical condition on Thursday .
One , Capt. Doug McDonald , remained hospitalized in decisive condition in the thursday .

The United States finally relented during President Bush 's visit to Africa earlier this month .
The United States relented finally during President Bush 's visit to Africa earlier this month .

" There is no conscious policy of the United States , I can assure you of this , to move the dollar at all , " he said .
" There am no conscious policy and the United States , I can assure you for this , to moves the dollar at all , " he said .

It 's the first such drill since the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington .
It aren't the first such drill since the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington .

Myanmar 's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will return home late Friday but will remain in detention after recovering from surgery at a Yangon hospital , her personal physician said .
The myanmar 's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will return to home late Friday but will remain in detention after recovering from surgeries at a Yangon hospital , her personal physicians said .

According to the Merchant Marine Ministry , the 37-year-old ship is registered to Alpha Shipping Inc. based in the Pacific Ocean nation of Marshall Islands .
according to the Merchant Marine Ministry , the 37-year-old ship is read to an alpha Shipping Inc. based in the Pacific Ocean nation of Marshall Islands .

In an unusual move , the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office is reconsidering a patent affecting Internet pages that critics contend could disrupt millions of Web sites .
In an strange moves , the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office is reconsider a patent affect Internet pages that critics contend could disrupt millions of Web sites .

Kansas Department of Health and Environment records show there were 88 abortions performed on girls age 14 and younger last year .
The kansas Department of Health and Environment records shows there were in 88 abortions performed on girls age 14 and younger last year .

A European Union spokesman said the Commission was consulting EU member states " with a view to taking appropriate action if necessary " on the matter .
European Union spokesman said the Commission personify confer_with EU member states " with a view to taking appropriate action if essential " of the matter .

Waiting crowds filling the streets on both sides overwhelmed the peacekeepers soon after daylight , sweeping past the barbed wire barricades .
Waiting crowds filling with the streets both sides overwhelms the peacekeepers soon after daylight , sweeping past the barbed wire barricades .

Barry Callebaut will be able to use Brach 's retail network to sell products made from its German subsidiary Stollwerck , which makes chocolate products not sold in the United States .
Barry Callebaut will is able to use Brach 's retail networks to sells of products made from its German subsidiary Stollwerck , which makes chocolate products not sold in the United States .

By skirting the FDA 's oversight , Eagan said , the quality of the imported drugs is " less predictable " than for those obtained in the United States .
By skirting about the FDA 's oversight , Eagan said , the qualities of import drugs is " less predictable " than for those obtained in the United States .

He said : " For the first time there is an easy and affordable way of making this treasure trove of BBC content available to all . "
He said : " In the first time there aren't an easy and affordable way of making this treasure trove of BBC contents available to all . "

Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organizer , who identified himself only as " Eleonora [ 67 ] , " to extend the contest until 7 p.m. EST Sunday .
The three such vigilante-style attacks coerce hacker organizers , who identified himself only as " Eleonora [ 67 ] , " to extend the contest until the 7 p.m. EST Sunday .

Eric Gagne pitched a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in as many opportunities .
Eric Gagne pitched unadulterated ninth to his 23rd save in as many opportunities .

One way or another , Harry Potter And The Order Of The Phoenix will be in your hands by Saturday .
The one way or another , Harry Potter And The Order For The Phoenix will be in your hands by Saturday .

" Allison just proves you don 't need to wait until August or September to have a disaster , " said Josh Lichter , a meteorologist with the Houston-Galveston weather office .
" Allison just proves you father 't needs to wait until August or September to have a disaster , " saying the josh Lichter , a meteorologist with the Houston-Galveston weather office .

Today , analysts say , UN members can no longer ignore the shifts since the September 11 2001 attacks .
Today , analysts say , UN members can no longer ignore to the shifts since the September 11 2001 attacks .

Police say CIBA was involved in the importation of qat , a narcotic substance legal in Britain but banned in the United States .
The police enunciate CIBA was involve in the importation of qat , a narcotic substance legal in Britain but banned in a United States .

Chiron already has nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect 's shareholders .
Chiron already hour_angle nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect 's shareholders .

Ernst & Young has denied any wrongdoing and plans to fight the allegations .
The ernst & Young has denied any wrongdoings and plans to fight about the allegations .

The attack followed several days of disturbances in the city where American soldiers exchanged fire with an unknown number of attackers as civilians carried out demonstrations against the American presence .
The attack followed the several days of disturbances in the city where the american soldiers exchanging fire with an unknown_quantity number of attackers as civilians carried out demonstrations against the American presence .

No company employee has received an individual target letter at this time .
No company employees has received on an individual target letter at this time .

Second-quarter results reflected a gain of 10 cents per diluted share , while the 2002 results included a loss of 19 cents per diluted share .
The second-quarter results reflected a gain of 10 cents per diluted shares , while the 2002 results included a losses of 19 cents per diluted share .

He allegedly told his ex-wife in an angry phone call that he had no intention of following their new custody agreement .
He allegedly enjoin his ex-wife in the angry phone call that he possess no intention of following their new custody agreement .

Worldwide , more than 50 million people have seen " Les Miz , " with gross receipts of $ 1.8 billion .
Worldwide , more than 50 million people has view " Les Miz , " with earthy receipts of $ 1.8 billion .

In fiction : Edward P. Jones ( " The Known World " ) and Scott Spencer ( " A Ship Made of Paper " ) .
In the fiction : the edward P. Jones ( " The Known World " ) and Scott Spencer ( " A Ship Made for Paper " ) .

" Overwhelmingly the Windows brand really resonated with them . "
" Overwhelmingly the Windows brand really come_across them . "

The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services , the federal agency that runs Medicare , last year began a similar effort for nursing homes .
The Centers for Medicare therefore Medicaid Services , the Federal_soldier agency that runs Medicare , last year beginning a similar effort of nursing homes .

Vivace was founded in 1999 and has raised over $ 118 million in three rounds of venture financing .
The vivace cost founded in 1999 and ingest raised over $ 118 million in three rounds of venture financing .

The Dow Jones industrial average < .DJI > added 28 points , or 0.27 percent , at 10,557 , hitting its highest level in 21 months .
The Dow Jones industrial average < .DJI > bring 28 points , or the 0.27 percents , at 10,557 , hitting to its highest level in 21 months .

The Democratic candidates also began announcing their fund-raising totals before Wednesday 's deadline to file quarterly reports with the Federal Election Commission .
The Democratic candidates also get_down announcing of their fund-raising totals before Wednesday 's deadline to file with quarterly reports with Federal Election Commission .

Sun Microsystems Inc. on Thursday said it had added 100 new third-party systems and 100 new components to its Hardware Compatibility List for the Solaris x86 operating system Platform Edition .
Sun Microsystems Inc. on Thursday said it had added to 100 new third-party systems and 100 new components to its Hardware Compatibility List to the Solaris x86 operating systems Platform Edition .

Prosecutors said PW Marketing violated the state 's 1998 anti-spam law by sending unsolicited e-mail without a toll-free number for recipients to call to stop additional mailings .
Prosecutors said PW Marketing violated the state 's 1998 anti-spam laws by sending about unsolicited e-mail without a toll-free number for recipients to called to stop additional mailings .

The Neighbours star and singer spent yesterday resting at her family home in Sydney and will have more tests today .
The Neighbours star and singer spends yesterday repose at her family homes in Sydney and will rich_person more tests today .

The 3 rd Armored Cavalry Regiment is 5,200 strong and the largest combat unit at Fort Carson .
3 rd Armored Cavalry Regiment were 5,200 strong and the largest combat unit Fort Carson .

" The risk of inflation becoming undesirably low remains the predominant concern for the foreseeable future , " the Fed said in a statement accompanying the unanimous decision .
" The risk about the inflation becoming undesirably low remains the predominant concern for the foreseeable future , " the Fed said in the statement accompanying on the unanimous decision .

" It is bad for Symbian , " said Per Lindberg , analyst at Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein .
" It is bad for Symbian , " said Per Lindberg , analysts under Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein .

Bob Richter , a spokesman for House Speaker Tom Craddick , had no comment about the ruling .
Bob Richter , a spokesmen for House Speaker Tom Craddick , had about no comments about the ruling .

But Ms Ward said the headroom under its financial covenants was " tight " and that there could be another downgrade if Southcorp breached any of its banking covenants .
But Ms Ward said the headroom under its fiscal covenants was a " tight " that there could be another downgrade if Southcorp breached any of its bankings covenants .

He added : ``I 've never heard of more reprehensiblebehaviour by a doctor .
He added : the ``I 've never take_heed of more reprehensiblebehaviours by a doctor .

Broomhead was assigned to 2nd Squadron , 3rd Armor Cavalry Regiment , based at Fort Carson .
Broomhead was assigned to the 2nd Squadron , 3rd Armor Cavalry Regiment , base at the fort Carson .

Other staff members , however , defended the document , saying it would still help policy-makers and the agency improve efforts to address the climate issue .
Other staff members , however , defended document , expression it would still service policy-makers and the agency improving efforts to addressing the climate issue .

President Bush raised a record-breaking $ 49.5 million for his re-election campaign over the last three months , with contributions from 262,000 Americans , the president 's campaign chairman said Tuesday .
President Bush raised of a record-breaking $ 49.5 million for his re-election campaigns over the last three months , with the contributions from 262,000 Americans , the president 's campaign chairman said the tuesday .

An episode is declared when the ozone reaches .20 parts per million parts of air for one hour .
An episode wasn't declared when ozone reaching .20 parts per million parts of air for one hour .

" He may not have been there , " the defence official said on Thursday .
" He may not stimulate been there , " the defence official said for Thursday .

The U.N. troops are in Congo to protect U.N. installations and personnel , and they can only fire in self defense and have been unable to stem the violence .
The U.N. troops are in Congo to protect on u.N. installations personnel , they can only fire in selves defense and have been unable to stem_turn the violence .

North American markets grabbed early gains Monday morning , as earnings season begins to slow and economic indicators take the spotlight .
The north American markets grabbed early gains Monday morning , as earnings season begins for slows and economic indicators take the spotlight .

Xerox itself paid a $ 10 million fine last year to settle similar SEC charges .
Xerox itself paided a $ 10 million fine last years to settle similar SEC charge .

" This deal makes sense for both companies , " said National Chief Executive Brian Halla .
" This deals makes the sense for both companies , " said National Chief Executive Brian Halla .

The blasts killed two people and injured more than 150 others .
The blasts killed the two people and injures more than 150 others .

Morrill 's wife , Ellie , sobbed and hugged Bondeson 's sister-in-law during the service .
Morrill 's wife , a ellie , sobbing and embrace Bondeson 's sister-in-law during the service .

Spansion products are to be available from both AMD and Fujitsu , AMD said .
Spansion products been to be available from both an aMD and Fujitsu , AMD suppose .

About 1,500 police will be deployed for the visit .
About 1,500 police will am deploying for the visit .

Gamarekian told The News she remembers only the woman 's first name - and refused to reveal it .
Gamarekian tell The News she remembered only the woman 's first name - and refused in reveal it .

One of the FBI ’ s key operatives , who had a falling out with the bureau , provided an account of the operation at a friend ’ s closed immigration court proceeding .
The one to the FBI ’ s winder operatives , who had a accrue out over the bureaus , provided an account of the operation at a friend ’ s closed immigration court proceeding .

A nationally board certified teacher with a master 's degree , Kelley makes a salary of $ 65,000 in his 30th year .
A nationally board certified teacher with a master 's degree , Kelley makes in a salaries of the $ 65,000 to his 30th year .

A man arrested for allegedly threatening to shoot and kill a city councilman from Queens was ordered held on $ 100,000 bail during an early morning court appearance Saturday .
A man arrested for allegedly threatening by shoot and vote_out a cities councilman from an queens were ordered held on $ 100,000 bail during an early morning court appearance Saturday .

They were being held Sunday in the Camden County Jail on $ 100,000 bail .
They were being holding Sunday on the Camden County Jail on $ 100,000 bail .

Ms Stewart , the chief executive , was not expected to attend .
Ms Stewart , the chief executive , was not expects for attend .

Christina 's aunt , Shelley Riling , said the defense 's claims were preposterous .
Christina 's aunt , Shelley Riling , says the defense 's claims were preposterous .

The Justice Department Aug. 19 gave pre-clearance for the Oct. 7 date for the election to recall Gov. Gray Davis , saying it would not affect minority voting rights .
The Justice Department Aug. 19 gave pre-clearance to the Oct. 7 date for the elections to recall Gov. Gray Davis , saying it would not affects minorities voting rights .

Lord Falconer hailed the changes as " a new beginning as far as the courts , Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned " .
The lord Falconer hail the changes as " a new beginning as far as the courts , the crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned " .

GE stock closed at $ 30.65 a share , down about 42 cents , on the New York Stock Exchange .
GE stock closes at the $ 30.65 a share , down the about 42 cents , on the New York Stock Exchange .

At least 27 US troops have been killed in hostile fire since Bush 's statement .
At least 27 US troops having been killing in the hostile fire since Bush 's statement .

A recent poll showed Edwards with a narrow lead in South Carolina , and he plans a rally there later on Tuesday .
A late poll showed Edwards with a narrow lead in South Carolina , he plans a rally there later Tuesday .

November 17 's last victim was British defence attache Stephen Saunders , who was shot on an Athens road in June 2000 .
November 17 's last victim was British defence attache Stephen Saunders , who embody shoot on an Athens road in the june 2000 .

The agency charged that one WD Energy worker discussed false reporting with traders at two other energy companies .
The agency lodge that one WD Energy worker discussed false reportings with traders at two other energy companies .

Zulifquar Ali , a worshipper slightly wounded by shrapnel , said the assailants first targeted the mosque 's security guards .
The zulifquar Ali , a worshipper slightly wounded with shrapnel , said the assailants first targeted of the mosque 's security guards .

For the second year in a row , rises in hospital costs accounted for much of the inflation , accounting for 51 percent of the overall cost increase .
For the second years in a row , rises in the hospital cost report for much of the inflation , accounts for 51 percent of the overall cost increase .

Q : Can I buy coverage for prescription drugs right away ?
Q : Can I buy of coverage for prescription drugs right away ?

The airline also said it has the option to buy 380 more airplanes , orders that would be split evenly between the two manufacturers .
The airline also said it has the option to buys a 380 more airplane , the orders that would be split evenly between the two manufacturers .

Dr Mark McClean , Jonathan 's family doctor , said if the drug had been administered earlier Jonathan would have retained more of his brain functions .
Dr Mark McClean , Jonathan 's family doctors , said if the drug had been administering earlier Jonathan would hasn't retained more of his brain function .

The chain operates more than 3,400 stores , and has annual revenue of about $ 15.8 billion .
The chain operated a more than 3,400 stores , and has annual revenue of the about $ 15.8 billion .

All patients developed some or all of the symptoms of E. coli food poisoning : bloody diarrhea , vomiting , abdominal cramping and nausea .
All patients developing some or all the symptoms of E. coli food poisoning : bally diarrhea , vomiting , abdominal cramping and nausea .

Federal regulators have turned from sour to sweet on a proposed $ 2.8 billion merger of ice cream giants Nestle Holdings Inc. and Dreyer 's Grand Ice Cream Inc .
Federal regulators have turned from sour for sweet on a propose $ 2.8 billion merger of ice cream giants Nestle Holdings Inc. also Dreyer 's Grand Ice Cream Inc .

Environmental campaigners are using this weekend ’ s lunar eclipse to highlight the huge increase in light pollution across the UK .
Environmental campaigners make_up using this weekend ’ s lunarring eclipse by highlight the huge increase in light pollution across the UK .

Available July 7 , the software supports the Solaris , IBM AIX , Red Hat Linux and Windows operating systems .
Available the july 7 , the software financial_support the Solaris , IBM AIX , Red Hat Linux and Windows manoeuver systems .

Justice Minister Martin Cauchon and Prime Minister Jean Chrétien have both said the Liberal government will introduce legislation soon to decriminalize possession of small amounts of pot for personal use .
Justice Minister Martin Cauchon and the prime Minister Jean Chrétien have both said the Liberal government will introduce legislations soon to decriminalize about possession of modest amounts of pot for personal use .

But Chauncey Billups demonstrated he 's also capable of big games , scoring 77 points over the final two games against the Magic .
And Chauncey Billups demonstrated he 's also capable of big games , marking in 77 points over the final two games against the Magic .

Kelly killed himself after being exposed as the source for a BBC report which claimed the government had embellished evidence of Iraq 's banned weapons to justify the war .
The kelly belt_down himself after being exposed as the source for a BBC report which claimed governments had embellished with evidence of Iraq 's banned weapons to justify the war .

And it 's going to be a wild ride , " said Allan Hoffenblum , a Republican consultant .
And it 's going in be a wild ride , " say Allan Hoffenblum , a Republican consultant .

While the Ibrahims had one separation operation , Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres , with several weeks between each .
While the Ibrahims had the one separations operation , the goodrich and the dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres , with several weeks between each .

Lay had contended that turning over the documents would violate his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination .
The lay had contended that work over the documents would violate his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination .

The WHO experts didn 't say how many cases in Hebei were in rural areas .
The WHO experts didn 't says how many cases in Hebei were in the rural areas .

Nearly 300 mutinous troops who seized a Manila shopping and apartment complex demanding the government resign gave up and retreated peacefully after some 19 hours .
Nearly 300 mutinous troops who seized on a Manila shopping apartment complex demanding the government resigning gave up and retreated peacefully after some 19 hours .

In three years , Lend Lease has slipped from a top-five stock , when its share price was around $ 24 , to 37th .
In the three years , Lend Lease having slipped from a top-five stocks , when its share price was with around $ 24 , to 37th .

About two hours later , his body , wrapped in a blanket , was found dumped a few blocks away .
Of two hours later , his body , wrappeded in a blankets , was found dumped few blocks away .

Columbia broke up over Texas upon re-entry on Feb. 1 .
Columbia broke up over Texas upon re-entry on the feb. 1 .

A year or two later , 259 , or 10 per cent , of the youths reported that they had started to smoke , or had taken just a few puffs .
A year or two later , 259 , or 10 per cent , to the youths reported they had started to smoke , or receive taken just a few puffs .

The Lord Chancellor was guardian of the Great Seal , used to stamp all official documents from the sovereign .
A Lord Chancellor was guardians of the Great Seal , used to stamp all functionary documents from the sovereign .

Cindy Yeast , a 50-year-old Washington-area publicist , says she began taking supplements two years ago in part to avoid mild dementia that affects her elderly parents .
The cindy Yeast , a 50-year-old Washington-area publicist , says she began taking supplements two years ago in parts to avoid mild dementia that affecting her elderly parent .

The two are not related , but have referred to each other as father and son .
The two are not related , but had refers to each early as father and son .

Gibson said last month in a press statement that " neither I nor my film are anti-Semitic .
Gibson say last month in a press statement that " neither I nor my film aren't anti-semitic .

The world 's largest software company said it recognized the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies , and set out to make it easier for them to apply the updates .
The world 's largest software company said it recognized the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies , and dress out to make it easier for them in apply of the updates .

The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 64.64 points , or 0.71 percent , at 9,191.09 , according to the latest available data .
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up the 64.64 points , or an 0.71 percent , at the 9,191.09 , according in the latest available data .

The vote came just two days after Kurds swept City Council elections , taking the largest single block of votes on the 30-seat council .
The vote come just two days after Kurds swept City Council elections , take the largest single blocks of the votes on the 30-seat council .

Large swells and dangerous surf already were being felt along sections of the coast .
The large swells and grave surf already were being matt-up along sections of the coast .

Based on a separate survey of households , the unemployment rate fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent .
Based on a separate survey for households , the unemployment rate fell in August to 6.1 percent 6.2 percent .

" We will work with the board to ensure a smooth transition . "
" We will work with board to ensure in a smooth transition . the "

Gasps could be heard in the courtroom when the photo was displayed .
Gasps could be heard in the courtroom when the photo was display .

Gilead had earnings of $ 73.1 million , or 33 cents a share , compared with $ 20.8 million , or 10 cents , in the year-ago quarter .
Gilead having earnings of $ 73.1 million , or a 33 cents a share , compare with $ 20.8 million , or 10 cents , in the year-ago quarter .

" I had one bad stretch of holes that put me out of contention to win , " Woods said .
" I had the one bad stretch of the holes that put me out of contention to wins , " a woods said .

The poll had a margin of error of plus or minus 2 percentage points .
The poll hasn't of a margin of error of plus or minus 2 percentages points .

Sen. Patrick Leahy of Vermont , the committee 's senior Democrat , later said the problem is serious but called Hatch 's suggestion too drastic .
Sen. Patrick Leahy of Vermont , the committee 's senior Democrat , later said the problem am serious but calling the hatch 's suggestion too drastic .

The broad Standard & Poor 's 500 < .SPX > eased 0.37 of a point , or 0.03 percent , at 1,121 .
The broad Standard & Poor 's 500 < .SPX > ease the 0.37 of a point , or 0.03 percent , in 1,121 .

Watertown , Saugus and Framingham also are going smoke-free Monday , joining a growing number of cities around the country .
Watertown , Saugus and Framingham also are went smoke-free Monday , joining a growing number for cities around country .

That is evident from their failure , three times in a row , to get a big enough turnout to elect a president .
That wasn't evident from their failure , three times in a row , to get for a boastfully enough turnout to elect a presidents .

We firmly believe we have an absolute right to use the common word ' spike ' as the name of our network . "
We firmly believe we have the right-down right to use common word ' spike ' as a name of our network . "

Sources who knew of the bidding said last week that cable TV company Comcast Corp. was also looking at VUE .
The sources who knew of the bidding says last week that cable TV company Comcast Corp. also was looked at VUE .

But MTA officials appropriated the money to the 2003 and 2004 budgets without notifying riders or even the MTA board members considering the 50-cent hike , Hevesi found .
But MTA official appropriated about the money to the 2003 and 2004 budgets without notifying with riders or even MTA board members considering the 50-cent hike , Hevesi finding .

White , who had suffered kidney failure from years of high blood pressure , died at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center around 9 : 30 a.m. , said manager Ned Shankman .
White , who feature suffered of kidney failure from years of gamey blood pressure , died at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center around 9 : 30 a.m. , say manager Ned Shankman .

About 10 percent of high school and 16 percent of elementary students must be proficient at math .
About 10 percent of high schools but 16 percent of elementary students must is proficient at math .

The legal ruling follows three days of intense speculation Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company .
The sound ruling follows about three days of intense speculation Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for company .

The European Commission , the EU 's antitrust enforcer , is expected to issue its decision next spring — unless a settlement is reached .
The European Commission , the EU 's antitrust enforcer , am expected to issue its decision of next spring — unless a settlement is reached .

" So Sebastian did his best to convincingly confess to a crime that he didn 't commit in order to survive , " she told jurors .
" So the sebastian did his best to convincingly confess to a crimes that he didns 't commit in order to survive , " she telling juror .

Twenty percent of Latino students and 23 percent of black students performed at proficient or higher .
Twenty percent of Latino students and the 23 percent of black students performs at adept or higher .

He is charged in three bombings in Atlanta including a blast at the 1996 Olympics and one in Alabama .
He is burden in the three bombings in Atlanta including blast at the 1996 Olympics and one in Alabama .

The men were remanded in custody and are due to appear again before court on July 8 .
The men were imprison in custody are due to appear again before courts on July 8 .

" No matter who becomes the sponsor for stock-car racing 's top series , NASCAR will need an all-star event , " Wheeler said in a statement .
" No matter who becomes of the sponsor for stock-car racings 's whirligig series , NASCAR will need an all-star event , " Wheeler said in a statement .

The Phillies were upset that Counsell had stolen second in the sixth inning with Arizona leading 7-1 .
The Phillies live upset that Counsell had stolen second of the sixth inning with the arizona leading 7-1 .

He said his hatred for such people grew from these discussions and had helped convince him violence was the answer .
He said his hatred for such people grew from these discussions also had helped convince him a violence was to the answer .

" There is no need for one deadline for all to create the ASEAN Economic Community , " Thaksin said .
" There personify in no need for one deadlines for all to creates the ASEAN Economic Community , " Thaksin said .

The announcement was made during the recording of a Christmas concert attended by top Vatican cardinals , bishops , and many elite from Italian society , witnesses said .
The announcement was made during the recording of a Christmas concert give_ear by top Vatican cardinals , bishops , and many elite from Italian society , witnesses say .

The additional contribution brings total U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tonnes .
The additional contribution bring add_together U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tonnes .

Leon Williams ' body was found inside his third-floor apartment at 196 Bay St. , in Tompkinsville .
Leon Williams ' body am found inside his third-floor apartment in 196 Bay St. , Tompkinsville .

The player 's eyes were bloodshot and a blood-alcohol test produced a reading of 0.18 - well above Tennessee 's level of presumed intoxication of 0.10 , the report said .
The player 's eyes constitute bloodshot and a blood-alcohol test produced a reading of 0.18 - well above the tennessee 's level to presumed intoxication from the 0.10 , the report said .

But Virgin wants to operate Concorde on routes to New York , Barbados and Dubai .
But Virgin want to operate Concorde on routes to New York , Barbados Dubai .

He tried to fight off officers and was taken to a hospital after a police dog bit him but was later released .
He tried to fight off officers be taken to hospital after a police dog bit him but be later released .

The announcement , which economists said was not a surprise , may be bittersweet for the millions of Americans without jobs .
The announcement , which economists said was not the surprises , may be bittersweet the millions to Americans without jobs .

Asked if the delegates could leave on Friday , police intelligence chief in Aceh , Surya Dharma , told reporters they could not because they did not have proper permission .
Asked if the delegates could leave on Friday , police intelligence chief under Aceh , the surya Dharma , told about reporters they could not because they did not have_got out proper permission .

Dealers said the dollar also drew some downside support as Japanese investors are expected to keep snapping up foreign bonds amid the yen 's rise against the dollar .
Dealers said the dollar also drew some downside supports as the japanese investors are expected to keep bust up foreign bonds amid the yen 's rise against the dollar .

Iran has until the end of the month to satisfy the agency it has no plans for nuclear weapons .
Iran possess until the end of the month to satisfied the agency it had no plans for nuclear weapons .

Her father , Florin Cioaba , the king of Transylvania 's Gypsies , had her brought back and she was married against her will .
Her father , the florin Cioaba , the kings of Transylvania 's Gypsies , had her brought back and she was conjoin against her will .

Claire had advanced to the third round of the 76th annual Scripps Howard National Spelling Bee .
Claire own advanced to the third rounds of the 76th annual Scripps Howard National Spelling Bee .

Citigroup Inc . C.N , the world 's largest financial services company , on Wednesday promoted Marjorie Magner to chairman and chief executive of its global consumer group .
Citigroup Inc . C.N , the world 's largest financial services company , on Wednesday promoted with marjorie Magner in chairman chief executive of its global consumer group .

" They 've been in the stores for over six weeks , " says Carney .
" They 've were the stores for over six weeks , " says Carney .

Let me just say this : the evidence that we have of weapons of mass destruction was evidence drawn up and accepted by the joint intelligence community .
Let me just say this : evidence that we have of weapon to mass destruction was for evidence draw up and accepted by the joint intelligence community .

Ridge said no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used .
Ridge said no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used .

Thus far , Stewart 's company appears ready to stand behind her .
Thus far , the stewart 's company appears ready to stands behind her .

But late Thursday night , the campaign issued a statement saying there would be no news conference and no big announcement .
But late Thursday night , the campaign issued in a statement saying there would be about no news conference and no big announcement .

There 's also a flaw that results because IE does not implement an appropriate block on a file download dialog box .
There 's also flaw that results because IE coif not implement to an appropriate block on a file download dialog box .

Another $ 100-million in savings will come from management layoffs and pay cuts .
Another $ 100-million in the savings will come from management layoffs and pays cuts .

He called on Prime Minister John Howard to establish a royal commission on child sex abuse .
He called on Prime Minister John Howard to show a royal_stag commission child sex abuse .

" We think that the United States of America should support the free speech of all groups , " Mr. White said , objecting to Mr. Olson 's recommendation .
" We thought that the United States of America should support the relieve speech of all groups , " the mr. White said , objecting to Mr. Olson 's recommendations .

Terri Schiavo , 39 , underwent the procedure at the Tampa Bay area hospice where she has been living for several years , said her father , Bob Schindler .
Terri Schiavo , 39 , underwent to the procedure at the Tampa Bay area hospice where she receive been be for several years , said her father , the bob Schindler .

After 18 months , Nissen found that Lipitor stopped plaque buildup in the patients ' arteries .
After 18 months , the nissen discover that Lipitor stopped plaque buildup in the patients ' arteries .

Toll , Australia 's second-largest transport company , last week offered NZ75 a share for Tranz Rail .
Toll , Australia 's second-largest transport company , last week offering NZ75 a share for Tranz Rail .

" This child was literally neglected to death , " Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said .
" This child was literally neglected for deaths , " Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said .

Wal-Mart , the nation 's largest private employer , has expanded its antidiscrimination policy to protect gay and lesbian employees , company officials said Tuesday .
Wal-Mart , the nation 's largest private employer , feature expanded its antidiscrimination policy to protects up gay and lesbian employees , company officials aforesaid Tuesday .

Metro , bus and local rail services in France 's four largest towns -- Paris , Lyon , Lille and Marseille -- were severely disrupted , Europe 1 radio reported .
Metro , bus and local rail services to France 's four largest town -- Paris , Lyon , Lille and Marseille -- were severely break_up , Europe 1 radio reported .

In the undergraduate case , Rehnquist said the use of race was not " narrowly tailored " to achieve the university 's asserted interest in diversity .
In the undergrad cases , Rehnquist said the use of race constitute not " narrowly orient " to achieve university 's asserted interest in diversity .

SP2 is basically about security enhancements to Windows , such as the improved Internet Connection Firewall ( ICF ) .
SP2 is basically about security enhancements to the windows , such as the improved Internets Connection Firewall ( ICF ) .

A landslide in central Chungchong province derailed a Seoul-bound train and 28 passengers were injured , television said .
A landslide in central Chungchong province derailed a Seoul-bound train and 28 passengers aren't injured , television allege .

They will help draft a plan to attack obesity that Kraft will implement over three to four years .
They will help selective_service a plan to attack obesities that the kraft will implement over three to four years .

But that amount would probably be impossible to pass in the Senate , where Republican moderates have refused to go above $ 350 billion .
But that amount would probably be impossible to pass in the Senate , where the republican moderates have refused in goes above the $ 350 billion .

In the clash with police , Lt. Mothana Ali said about 1,000 demonstrators had gone to the station demanding jobs .
To the clashes with police , Lt. Mothana Ali said about 1,000 demonstrators had blend_in to the stations demanding jobs .

Corixa shares rose 54 cents to $ 7.74 yesterday on the Nasdaq Stock Market .
Corixa shares arise 54 cents to $ 7.74 yesterday on the Nasdaq Stock Market .

Committee approval , expected today , would set the stage for debate on the Senate floor beginning Monday .
Committee approval , expects today , would set the stage for the debate on the Senate floors beginning Monday .

O 'Brien was charged with leaving the scene of a fatal accident , a felony .
O 'Brien was charging with leaved the scene of a fatal accident , a felony .

Tom Hamilton said his daughter was conscious and alert and in stable condition after the attack Friday morning .
Tom Hamilton said his daughter was conscious which alert and before stable condition after the attack Friday morning .

The Calgary woman , who is in her twenties , donated blood on Aug. 7 .
The Calgary woman , who personify in her twenties , donate blood of Aug. 7 .

Quattrone lawyer John W. Keker said his client is innocent .
Quattrone lawyer John W. Keker saying his client is innocent .

In the weeks leading up to the execution , several Florida officials received anonymous threatening letters .
In the weeks leading up to the executions , several Florida officials receive anonymous threatening letters .

The disagreement over online music sales was disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court yesterday .
The disagreement over online music sales was disclosed in documents file about last week with the judge and made available by the court about yesterday .

Parson was charged with intentionally causing and attempting to cause damage to protected computers .
Parson was charged with intentionally have and attempting to crusade damages to protected computers .

" The court and the public need to know much more of the details of the defendant 's seemingly massive fraud , " the judge said .
" The courts the public need to eff of much more of the details of defendant 's seemingly massive fraud , " the judge said .

The U.S. Supreme Court will hear arguments on Wednesday on whether companies can be sued under the Americans with Disabilities Act for refusing to rehire rehabilitated drug users .
The U.S. Supreme Court will hear arguments on Wednesday on whether companies can aren't process under the Americans with the disabilities Act for refuse to rehire to rehabilitated drug users .

The IRS said taxpayers can avoid undelivered checks by having refunds deposited directly into their checking or savings accounts .
The IRS say taxpayers can avoid undelivered checks by has refunds depositing directly into their checking or savings accounts .

" More than 70,000 men and women from bases in Southern California were deployed in Iraq .
" More than 70,000 men and women from basis in Southern California were deployed in Iraq .

BP shares slipped 0.8 percent to 433.50 pence ( $ 6.85 ) each in afternoon trading on the London Stock Exchange .
BP shares slipping 0.8 percent by 433.50 pence ( $ 6.85 ) each in afternoon trading on the London Stock Exchange .

Because of the accounting charge , the company now says it lost $ 1.04 billion , or 32 cents a share , in the quarter ended June 30 .
Because and the accounting charge , the company now say it befuddled $ 1.04 billion , or 32 cents a share , in the quarter ending June 30 .

Friday 's report raised new worries that a weak job market could shackle the budding economic recovery despite a slight improvement in the overall unemployment rate .
Friday 's report raising in new worries that a weak job market could shackle of the budding economic recovery despite a slender improvement in the overall unemployment rate .

Federal Emergency Management Administration designated $ 20 million to establish the registry .
Federal Emergency Management Administration designated $ 20 million to establishing the registry .

BREAST cancer cases in the UK have hit an all-time high with more than 40,000 women diagnosed with the disease each year , Cancer Re-search UK revealed yesterday .
BREAST cancer cases for UK has hit an all-time high with more than 40,000 women diagnose with the disease each year , Cancer Re-search UK revealing yesterday .

" It was never our intention to sell the product , " said Health Minister Anne McClellan , a skeptic of medical marijuana use .
" It aren't never our intention in sells the product , " said Health Minister Anne McClellan , a skeptic of medical marijuana purpose .

GM , the world 's largest automaker , has 115,000 active UAW workers and another 340,000 retirees and spouses .
GM , the world 's largest automaker , have the 115,000 active UAW workers and another 340,000 retirees and spouses .

Rosenthal is hereby sentenced to custody of the Federal Bureau of prisons for one day with credit for time served , " Breyer said to tumultuous cheers in the courtroom .
Rosenthal is hereby sentencing to custody of the Federal Bureau of the prisons for one day with credit for time served , " Breyer says to disruptive cheer in the courtroom .

" We are committed to helping the Iraqi people get on the path to a free society , " Rumsfeld said in a speech to the Council on Foreign Relations .
" We are committed to helping the Iraqi person gets on the path for a release society , " the rumsfeld said in a speech to the Council on Foreign Relations .

Mr. Young said he was disappointed that the government didn 't see the severe acute respiratory syndrome crisis as worthy of federal disaster-relief money .
Mr. Young said he was foiled that government didn 't sees the severe acute respiratory syndrome crisis as worthy of the federal disaster-relief money .

The 12-nation currency has risen by 33 percent against the dollar over the past 15 months .
The 12-nation currency has risen of the 33 percent against the dollar over past 15 months .

In February 2000 , the officers — Kenneth Boss , Sean Carroll , Edward McMellon and Richard Murphy — were acquitted of all charges in the killing .
Under February 2000 , a officers — Kenneth Boss , Sean Carroll , Edward McMellon and Richard Murphy — were comport all charges in the killing .

I was surprised it turned out me talking and the president just listening .
I was surprised it turned out me talking and president just listening .

The state 's House delegation currently consists of 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans .
The state 's House delegation currently dwell of 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans .

Freddie also said Leland C. Brendsel will retire as chairman and chief executive and resign from the board .
Freddie also said Leland C. Brendsel will recede as chairman and chief executive and resigns from the boards .

We 'll be listening carefully to the [ IAEA ] director general 's report at the next board meeting .
We 'll were listening carefully to the [ IAEA ] director general 's report at the next board meeting .

In that position , Elias will report to Joe Tucci , president and CEO of EMC .
In that position , Elias will report by an joe Tucci , president and CEO for EMC .

But with the PM due to leave tomorrow afternoon for personal reasons there was a risk he might not be present when the final decision was made .
But with the PM due to leaves tomorrow afternoons for personal reasons there was a risk he might not is present when the concluding decision was made .

A pro-independence radical , Miodrag Zivkovic , of the Liberal Alliance , came in second with 31 percent of the vote .
Pro-independence radical , Miodrag Zivkovic , of the Liberal Alliance , descend in second with 31 percent of the vote .

Mr. Kerkorian tried unsuccessfully to take over Chrysler in 1995 , but did win representation on its board .
Mr. Kerkorian tried unsuccessfully to take over in chrysler on 1995 , and did win representation on its board .

Glover spoke at a news conference that included about 20 relatives of the victims .
Glover spoke at news conference that included across 20 relatives of the victims .

Drax faced a financial crisis late last year after it lost its most lucrative sales contract , held with insolvent utility TXU Europe .
Drax face a financial crises the late last year after it losing its most lucrative sales contract , held with insolvent utility TXU Europe .

But I would rather be talking about high standards than low standards . "
But I would rather glucinium talks about luxuriously standards than low standards . "

It was not immediately known how many people were on flight UTA 141 , which could carry 141 passengers and crew .
It was not immediately screw how many people make_up on flight UTA 141 , which could carry about 141 passengers and crew .

The market remains pinned in a narrow range after a powerful rally drove the broad Standard & Poor 's 500 index .SPX up more than 20 percent since mid-March .
The market remains pinned in a narrow range after a powerful rally driving about the broad Standard & Poor 's 500 index .SPX up more than 20 percent since the mid-March .

Witnesses said they believed the man planned to crash the Launceston-bound Qantas flight 1737 , which was carrying 47 passengers and six crew .
The witnesses said they believed the man planned to crash the Launceston-bound Qantas flight 1737 , which was carrying 47 passenger and the six crew .

As Samudra sat down to hear the indictment , he looked over to his nine lawyers and shouted ``God is Great ' ' three times .
As Samudra sat down to hear about the indictments , he looked to over his nine lawyers and shouted ``God is Great ' ' three times .

In hardest-hit Taipei , traffic has disappeared from once bustling streets , ubiquitous department stores stand mostly empty and restaurants are eerily quiet .
In hardest-hit Taipei , traffic has disappeared from once bustling streets , omnipresent departments stores stand mostly empty restaurants are eerily quiet .

In a statement , Lee said he " no longer believes that Viacom deliberately intended to trade on my name when naming Spike TV . "
In statement , Lee said he " no longer believe that Viacom deliberately intended to trades on my name when naming to spike TV . "

Singapore Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong says China plays an important role in the integration of Asia , including managing the stresses and strains both within and between countries .
Singapore Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong says China play an important role in integration of Asia , included managing the stresses strains both within and between the countries .

The worm attacks Windows computers via a hole in the operating system , an issue Microsoft on July 16 had warned about .
The worm flack the windows computers via a hole in the operating system , an issue Microsoft of a july 16 had warned about .

The premium edition adds OfficeFront Page 2003 , Acceleration Server 2000 , and SQL Server 2000 .
The premium edition minimal_brain_damage OfficeFront Page 2003 , Acceleration Server 2000 , therefore SQL Server 2000 .

In the year-ago quarter , the steelmaker recorded a profit of $ 16.2 million , or 15 cents per share , on sales of $ 1.14 billion .
In the year-ago quarters , the steelmakers records a profit of $ 16.2 million , or 15 cents per share , on sales of the $ 1.14 billion .

Sony claimed that the reader 's capacitance sensing technology cannot be fooled by paper copies and does not require cleaning .
Sony claimed that the reader 's capacitance sensing technology cannot been fooled by the paper copies doe not require cleaning .

Amazon.com shipped out more than a million copies of the new book , making Saturday the largest distribution day of a single item in e-commerce history .
Amazon.com shipping out the more than million copies of the freshly book , making Saturday the largest distribution day a single item in e-commerce history .

The show 's closure affected third-quarter earnings per share by a penny .
The show 's closure affect third-quarter earnings per share by a penny .

After the two-hour meeting on May 14 , publisher Arthur O. Sulzberger Jr . , executive editor Howell Raines and managing editor Gerald Boyd pledged quick remedies to staff grievances .
After the two-hour meeting on May 14 , publisher Arthur O. Sulzberger Jr . , the executive editor Howell Raines and managing editor Gerald Boyd subscribe about quick remedy to staff grievances .

It 's been a busy couple of days for security gurus assigned to keep their companies safe and sound .
It 's been about a busy couple of the days for security gurus assigned keep their companies safe and sound .

Lu reclined in a soft chair wearing a woolly coat near the blackened capsule .
Lu reclines in a soft chair worn woolly coat near the blackened capsule .

Gov. Bob Riley proposed the budget cuts after Alabama voters rejected his $ 1.2 billion tax plan Sept . 9 .
Gov. Bob Riley project the budget cuts after Alabama voters reject his $ 1.2 billion taxes plan the sept . 9 .

" It is probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program , but then again , I look forward to the challenge , " he said .
" It is probably not the easiest time to make_out in take over the shuttles program , but then again , I look forward to the challenges , " he say .

Estonia 's place in the European mainstream and safeguard its independence regained in 1991 .
Estonia 's place in the European mainstream and safeguards its independences regained in the 1991 .

Franklin County Judge-Executive Teresa Barton said a firefighter was struck by lightning and was taken to the Frankfort Regional Medical Center .
Franklin County Judge-Executive Teresa Barton said a firefighter be struck with the lightning and was taken the Frankfort Regional Medical Center .

Police suspected that Shaichat , 20 , had been abducted either by Palestinians or by Israeli Arabs .
Police suspect that Shaichat , 20 , had being abducted either by Palestinians or by the israeli Arabs .

During this year 's August to October quarter , Lowe 's opened 38 new stores , including two relocations .
During this year 's August to October quarters , Lowe 's open 38 freshly stores , including two relocations .

The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > declined 25.78 points , or 1.56 percent , to 1,627.84 .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > go_down 25.78 point , or 1.56 percent , for 1,627.84 .

Sony said the PSP would also feature a 4.5-inch LCD screen , Memory Stick expansion slots .
Sony said the PSP would also feature a 4.5-inch LCD screens , Memory pose for expansion slots .

Clinton did not mention that two Democratic senators , Charles Robb of Virginia and Wendell Ford of Kentucky , voted to shelve the McCain bill .
Clinton did not mentions that two democratic senators , Charles Robb in Virginia and Wendell Ford of Kentucky , voted to shelve the McCain bills .

Some of the company 's software developers will join Microsoft , but details haven 't been finalized , said Mike Nash , corporate vice president of Microsoft 's security business unit .
Some of the company 's software developers will unite Microsoft , and details haven 't follow finalized , read a mike Nash , corporate vice president of Microsoft 's security business unit .

Wal-Mart has said it plans to open at least 40 Supercenters in the state in the coming years ; analysts expect four or more to be in San Diego County .
Wal-Mart hasn't said it plans to give of at least 40 Supercenters in the states in the coming years ; analysts expect four or more to be in San Diego County .

Cintas is battling efforts to unionize 17,000 of its workers and to let unions organize the workers by signing cards , rather than by a lengthy election process .
The cintas is battling efforts to unionize 17,000 for its workers and to letting unions engineer the workers by signing cards , rather than by a lengthy election processes .

The opposition would resort to rolling mass action " at strategic times of our choice and without warning to the dictatorship , " he said .
The opposition would repair to rolling mass action " at the strategic time of our choice and without warning to the dictatorship , " he enounce .

Federal Agriculture Minister Warren Truss said the Government still did not know the real reason the sheep were rejected at the Saudi port of Jeddah on August 21 .
Federal Agriculture Minister Warren Truss said the Government still did not knows the real reason the sheep be turn_down at the Saudi ports of the jeddah on August 21 .

Tom Kraynak , manager of operations and resources for the Canton , Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council , said that scenario is one among many that investigators are considering .
The tom Kraynak , the manager of operations and resources for the Canton , Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council , said that scenarios being one among many that investigators is considering .

Hester said Sanmina was the best fit among several purchase offers the company received from electronics manufacturers and computer makers .
Hester said Sanmina live the best fit among several purchase offers the companies pick_up from electronics manufacturers and computer makers .

The other inmate fell but Selenski shimmed down the makeshift rope to a second-story roof and used the mattress to scale a razor-wire fence , Fischi said .
The other inmate fell however Selenski shimmed down the makeshift rope to a second-story roof and used the mattress in scaling razor-wire fence , Fischi said .

The hearing , expected to last a week , will determine whether Akbar faces a court-martial .
The hearing , gestate to last a week , will square_off whether Akbar faces a court-martials .

He said he has begun a court action to seize Beacon Hill 's assets and has frozen more than $ 13 million Beacon Hill had when it closed .
He said he has beginning a court action to seize in beacon Hill 's assets has frozen an more than $ 13 million the beacon Hill had when it closed .

Speaking for the first time yesterday , Brigitte 's maternal aunt said his family was unaware he had was in prison or that he had remarried .
spoke for the first time yesterdays , a brigitte 's maternal aunt said his family was unaware he had was in a prison or that he had remarry .

" Close co-operation between our law enforcement agencies , close co-operation between our intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism . "
" Close co-operation between our law enforcement agencies , close co-operation between our intelligence services lie at heart in ongoing fight against the terrorism . the "

The mother of a Briton held by Colombian guerrillasspoke of her relief yesterday after hearing that he might be freed in the next few weeks .
The mother of a Briton hold by the colombian guerrillasspoke for her relief yesterday after hearing that he might be freed in the next few weeks .

We strongly disagree with Novell 's position and view it as a desperate measure to curry favor with the Linux community .
We strongly disagree with Novell 's position and views it as a desperate measure to curry favor with Linux communities .

After more than two years ' detention under the State Security Bureau , the four were found guilty of subversion in Beijing 's No. 1 Intermediate Court last Wednesday .
After more than two year ' detention under the State Security Bureau , the four were found hangdog of subversions in the beijing 's Nos. 1 Intermediate Court last Wednesday .

Mr Russell , 46 , a coal miner from Brisbane , said : " They are obviously hurting , so we are basically going over there to help them . "
Mr Russell , 46 , a coal miners from the brisbane , said : " They are obviously hurting , so we constitute basically going over there to help to them . "

The New York Democrat and former first lady has said she will not run for the White House in 2004 , but has not ruled out a race in later years .
The New York Democrat and former first lady has said she will not runs for White House in the 2004 , but has not ruled out a race the later years .

It does not affect the current Windows Media Player 9.0 Series .
It practise not impact the current Windows Media Player 9.0 Series .

The seizure took place at 4 a.m. on March 18 , just hours before the first American air assault .
The seizure contract place at 4 a.m. on March 18 , just hour before the first American air assault .

Donations stemming from the Sept . 11 attacks helped push up contributions to human service organizations and large branches of the United Way by 15 percent and 28.6 percent , respectively .
Donations halt from the Sept . 11 attacks aid push up contributions to the human service organizations and large branches of the United Way by the 15 percent and 28.6 percents , respectively .

In May , Mr. Hatfill said he was struck by a vehicle being driven by an FBI employee who was tailing him in Georgetown .
In May , Mr. Hatfill says he was struck by a vehicle cost driven by an FBI employee who was tailing to him in Georgetown .

" I will support a constitutional amendment which would honor marriage between a man and a woman , codify that , " he said .
" I will supported by a constitutional amendment which would honor the marriage between a man and a woman , codify that , " he said .

IBM of the US and Infineon Technologies of Germany will today announce a technological development that could threaten multi-billion dollar memory chip markets .
IBM of the US and Infineon Technologies of Germany will the today announce a technological development that could threaten to multi-billion dollar memory chips markets .

Costa 's semifinal opponent is Spaniard Juan Carlos Ferrero , whom he beat in last year 's final .
Costa 's semi opponent is Spaniard Juan Carlos Ferrero , whom he beat in last year 's final .

A former employee of a local power company pleaded guilty Wednesday to setting off a bomb that knocked out a power substation during the Winter Olympics last year .
A former employee of a local power company pled guilty Wednesday to arrange off to a bomb that knocked out a power substations during the Winter Olympics last years .

Thyroid hormones are known to help in weight loss by stimulating metabolism - and cutting cholesterol - but come with the unwanted side effect of speeding up the heartbeat .
Thyroid hormones is known to help in the weight loss by stimulating to metabolism - and cutting for cholesterol - but come with the unwanted side effect of speeding up on the heartbeat .

Judge Craig Doran said it wasn 't his role to determine if Hovan was " an evil man " but maintained that " he has committed an evil act . "
Judge Craig Doran said it wasn 'ted his role to determine if the hovan was " an evil man " but maintained that " he has send an evil acts . the "

The Hartford shares rose $ 2.88 , or 6.6 percent , to close Monday at $ 46.50 on the New York Stock Exchange .
Hartford shares rose the $ 2.88 , or 6.6 percent , to close of monday at the $ 46.50 on the New York Stock Exchange .

It also offers a built-in NAND flash boot loader so that high-density NAND flash memory can be used without having to install an additional support chip .
It also offers built-in NAND flashes boot loader so that the high-density NAND flash memory can be used without having to install additional support chip .

It decided instead to issue them before the stock market opened Monday after the downgrade of its debt late Friday by Moody 's , the credit rating agency .
It decided instead to issues them before the stock market open in monday after the downgrade its debts late Friday by Moody 's , the credit rating agency .

Altria shares fell 2.5 percent or $ 1.11 to $ 42.57 and were the Dow 's biggest percentage loser .
Altria shares pass 2.5 percent or $ 1.11 to $ 42.57 and exist the Dow 's biggest percentage loser .

It will be followed in November by a third movie , " The Matrix Revolutions . "
It will be followed in a november in a third movie , " Matrix Revolutions . "

Massachusetts regulators and the Securities and Exchange Commission on Tuesday pressed securities fraud charges against Putnam Investments and two of its former portfolio managers for alleged improper mutual fund trading .
Massachusetts regulators and the Securities and Exchange Commission on the tuesday pressing to securities fraud charges against Putnam Investments and two of its former portfolio managers to alleged improper mutual fund trading .

He is blocking them until the Air Force assigns four additional C-130 cargo planes to Gowen Field , an Idaho Air National Guard base in Boise .
He is obstruct them until the Air Force assigns about four extra C-130 cargo planes in Gowen Field , an Idaho Air National Guard base in Boise .

Cisco pared spending to compensate for sluggish sales .
Cisco pared spending to compensates for sluggish sales .

The study , published Monday in the journal Molecular Brain Research , is likely to also apply to humans , its authors said .
The study , published the monday in the journal Molecular the brain Research , is likely to also apply to humans , its authors suppose .

My decision today is not based on any one event . "
My decision the today is not ground on any one event . "

Nelson , 27 , is being retried on civil-rights charges stemming from the disturbance which led to Rosenbaum 's death .
Nelson , 27 , is being retried to civil-rights charges stemming from the disturbances which led to the rosenbaum 's death .

" The government elements who have been causing trouble are still in place .
" The government elements who have been causing of trouble were still place .

Next Monday at about 2 p.m. ( CST ) , hospital officials in and near Chicago will notice a sudden increase in people complaining of flu-like symptoms .
Next Monday at about 2 p.ms. ( CST ) , hospital officials under and near Chicago will notice a sudden increase in people complaining for flu-like symptoms .

Wal-Mart Stores Inc . , Kohl 's Corp. , Family Dollar Stores Inc. and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street 's modest expectations .
Wal-Mart Stores Inc . , Kohl 's Corp. , the family Dollar Stores Inc. and the big Lots Inc. constitute among the merchants posting the may sales that fell below the wall Street 's modest expectations .

The patch also fixes a vulnerability that results because IE does not implement an appropriate block on a file download dialog box .
The patch and fixes a vulnerability that result because IE do not implement in an appropriate block on a file download dialog box .

Peterson , a former fertilizer salesman , is charged with murder in the deaths of his 27-year-old wife and the baby boy she was carrying .
The peterson , a former fertilizer salesman , comprise charged with murder at the deaths of his 27-year-old wife and the baby boy she was carried .

SPOT products run a Microsoft operating system and the company 's DirectBand radio technology developed with SCA Data Systems .
SPOT products foot_race of a Microsoft operating system and the company 's DirectBand radio technology developed with SCA Data Systems .

He replaces Ron Dittemore , who announced his resignation in April .
He replace Ron Dittemore , who announced his resignation in April .

Detectives told Deasean 's father , Stelly Chisolm , a college student , and mother , Kimberly Hill , of the arrest shortly after Perry was apprehended .
Detectives tells for deasean 's father , Stelly Chisolm , a college student , and mother , Kimberly Hill , of the arrest shortly after Perry Washington apprehending .

They were among about 40 people attending the traditional Jewish ceremony colored by some non-traditional touches .
They were among the about 40 people attending the traditional Jewish ceremonies colores by some non-traditional touches .

Taiwan had been relatively free of the viral infection until a fiasco at a Taipei hospital in late April caused the number of infections to skyrocket .
Taiwan had been relatively free of viral infection until a fiasco at Taipei hospital in late April caused the number for infections to skyrocketed .

Mr. Rowland attended a party in South Windsor for the families of Connecticut National Guard soldiers called to active duty .
Mr. Rowland attends a party of South Windsor for the families of Connecticut National Guard soldiers called to active duty .

Ross Garber , Rowland 's lawyer , said Tuesday he would attend the meeting and would ask to speak on the issue .
Ross Garber , Rowland 's lawyers , said with tuesday he would attend the meetings and would ask to talk on the issue .

The euro was at 1.5281 versus the Swiss franc EURCHF = , up 0.2 percent on the session , after hitting its highest since mid-2001 around 1.5292 earlier in the session .
The euro cost at 1.5281 versus the Swiss_people franc EURCHF = , up 0.2 percent on the session , after hits its highest since mid-2001 around 1.5292 earlier under the session .

On the stand Wednesday , she said she was referring only to the kissing .
On the stand Wednesday , she said she comprise mention only to the kissing .

Garner said the group would probably be expanded to include , for example , a Christian and perhaps another Sunni leader .
Garner aver the group would probably am expanded to includes , to example , a Christian and perhaps another Sunni leader .

Blair 's Foreign Secretary Jack Straw was to take his place on Monday to give a statement to parliament on the European Union .
Blair 's Foreign Secretary Jack Straw constitute to takes his place on Monday to gave a statement to parliament on the European Union .

" There were more people surrounding the clubhouse than the Unabomber 's house up in the hills , " Baker said .
" the there constitute the more people circumvent the clubhouse than the Unabomber 's house up in the hills , " Baker said .

Charles O. Prince , 53 , was named as Mr. Weill 's successor .
Charles O. Prince , 53 , comprise identify as Mr. Weill 's successor .

Officials are also meeting with the International Organization for Epizootics ( OIE ) , which establishes animal-health standards for the world .
The officials represent also meeting with the International Organization for the epizootics ( OIE ) , which establishes animal-health standards for the world .

GE stock closed Friday at $ 30.65 a share , down about 42 cents , on the New York Stock Exchange .
GE stock closed to friday at the $ 30.65 a share , down about 42 cent , on the New York Stock Exchange .

The Midwestern research center will focus on the development of diagnostic , therapeutic and vaccine products for anthrax , botulism , tularemia , hemorrhagic fever viruses and plague .
The Midwestern research center will focus on the development of diagnostic , healing vaccine products anthraxes , the botulism , tularemia , hemorrhagic fever viruses and plague .

The hearing is to determine whether there is enough evidence to order Akbar to a general court-martial proceeding .
The hearing is to determine whether there is on enough evidence to order the akbar to a general court-martial proceeding .

In the United States , heart attacks kill about 460,000 year , in Canada about 80,000 .
In the United States , heart attacks vote_down about 460,000 year , in Canada about 80,000 .

Ninety-five percent of international cargo to the United States is carried by ship .
The ninety-five percent of external cargo to the United States be carried by ship .

" It 's a major victory for Maine , and it 's a major victory for other states .
" It are a major victory for the maine , and it is a major victory for other states .

News that oil producers were lowering their output starting in November exacerbated a sell-off that was already under way on Wall Street .
A news that oil producers been lowers their output starting in November exacerbated a sell-off that were already under way on Wall Street .

They note that after several weeks of rallies on upbeat earnings , investors are looking for stronger evidence of a recovery before sending stocks higher .
They note that after several weeks of the rallies on upbeat earnings , investors aren't looking for stronger evidences of a recovery before send stocks higher .

Most economists had expected a more dire report , with many anticipating the fifth month of job losses in six months .
Most economists had await with a more dire report , with many anticipating the fifth month of job losses on six months .

But software license revenues , a measure financial analysts watch closely , decreased 21 percent to $ 107.6 million .
But software license revenues , a measure financial analysts sentinel closely , decreases 21 percent $ 107.6 million .

King , brand-name writer , master of the horror story and e-book pioneer , is receiving this year 's medal for Distinguished Contributions to American Letters .
The king , brand-name writer , the master of the horror story and e-book pioneer , was receives this year 's medal for Distinguished Contributions to American Letters .

The Denver-based natural gas producer and marketer said the inaccurate reporting was discovered after it received a subpoena from the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission .
The Denver-based natural gas producer and marketer said the inaccurate reporting was discovered after it received subpoena the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission .

The steel tariffs , which the U.S. president imposed in March 2002 , will officially end at midnight , instead of March 2005 as initially planned .
The steel tariff , which U.S. president imposed in the march 2002 , will officially end at midnight , instead of March 2005 as initially project .

Business Week 's online edition reported on Friday that WorldCom and the SEC could announce a settlement as early as Monday .
Business Week 's online edition reported on the friday that WorldCom and the SEC could foretell in a settlement as early as Monday .

Only one of the five buildings in the Baghdad compound of the United Nations Development Program escaped being burned , the UN said on its Web site .
A only one of five buildings in the Baghdad compound of the United Nations Development Program escaped being burns , the UN saying on its Web sites .

Shares of Salix have rocketed 64 percent since Axcan made its first offer on April 10 .
Shares of the salix have rockets 64 percent since Axcan made its first offer on the april 10 .

The jury verdict , reached Wednesday after less than four hours of deliberation , followed a 2 week trial , during which Waagner represented himself .
The jury verdict , reached to wednesday after the less than four hours of deliberation , followed for a 2 week trial , during which Waagner represented of himself .

It 's happened five times in the last 11 years : A disaster puts this Southwestern town in the headlines during the summer tourist season .
It been happening the five times in the last 11 years : A disaster puts this Southwestern town on the headlines during the summer tourist season .

The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX edged down 9 points , or 0.98 percent , to 921 .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX border down 9 points , or 0.98 percent , 921 .

The company emphasized that McDonald 's USA does not import any raw beef or hamburger patties from Canada for McDonald 's use in the United States .
The company emphasized that the mcDonald 's USA does not imports any naked_as_a_jaybird beef or the hamburger patties from Canada in McDonald 's use in the United States .

Gregory Parseghian , a former investment banker , was appointed chief executive .
Gregory Parseghian , a former investment banker , personify appointed chief executive .

Their contract will expire at 12 : 01 a.m. Wednesday instead of 12 : 01 a.m. Sunday , said Rian Wathen , organizing director for United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700 .
Their contract will expire at the 12 : 01 a.m. the wednesday instead of 12 : 01 a.m. Sunday , sound_out Rian Wathen , organizing directors for United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700 .

But plaque volume increased by 2.7 percent in pravastatin patients .
But plaque volume increased by 2.7 percent in pravastatin patients .

Today in the US , the book - kept under wraps by its publishers , G. P. Putnam 's Sons , since its inception - will appear in bookstores .
Today in the US , the book - go_on under wraps by its publishers , G. P. the putnam 's Sons , since its inception - will look in bookstores .

The S & P / TSX composite rose 87.74 points on the week , while the TSX Venture Exchange composite gained 44.49 points .
The S & P / TSX composites rose about 87.74 points on the weeks , while the TSX Venture Exchange composites gained 44.49 points .

Ex-KGB agent Putin added that the Beatles were considered ' propaganda of an alien ideology ' .
The ex-KGB agent Putin added that the Beatles were considered ' the propaganda of alien ideology ' .

